- add patient file upload (connected to an apoinintemtn displaued, why theyre here, )
- create patient profile
- 

patient walkthroughj
 
login (front desk) 
register patient
pay
nurse: access all, vitals, gets vocal consultationfrom nurse. 
receive papers for rubric 
pay
doctor: doctor has access to all the information (create a rubric) 
  
   pay at pharmacy

lab: 
access to work order(ensure patient privacy)
*lab resutls must be available to doctor
--file upload for now and description 

prescription: 
pay at pharmacy
doctor: doctor has access to all the information (create a rubric)
 - IDENTIFY WHAT THE PATient has paid for, the doctor can ensure tha lab results
 are already paid for before further consultaion. paid for follow up 

- Pay for consult 
- get consulted 
- green light 


- pharmacy pannel comfirms payments.

Release forms: doctor


admin access to everything



To expect:

- financial form 
- accouting 



-data, data, data

the front desk asks for phone numbers and emails and prefered language or sth and we use it 
to notify users when there are new vaccines, when their prescriptions are 
to be refilled, 

medical visit history for patient, nurse, doctor.

front desk


different type of patients, csu, academia, 

enter categories to change the way patients are filt
ered through. 

csu: selected category, takes them to csu database

academia, amc : submit data reports every months, bill monthly 


patient type, pharmacy 
front desk categorize. 

front desk can mention what category the person is,
its going to be pending until confirmed

csu status expires and renews (set time limit), 
every trimester there should be an ultra sound. and overdue ultrasound should be notifiesd 
c section or natural birth, reminders.

one free ultrasoune the two others they have to pay for, to provide more information


bill (insurance, company,...), paid for regular patients


records.
------------------------------------------

CSU - takes over process after regular consultation and
      confirmation of pregnancy (1 free ultrasound), 
      pharmacy can notify paid by csu. pregnancy determined
      at doctor and/or pharmacy level and CSU. 
      -first consultaion
      -lab test 
      - ultrasound


activa: pays per use, create monthly invoice (1-30)
        submitted before the 5th, accumulated data 
        for this type must be concatenated for mohtnly 
        financial report


academia: Insurance coverage, Monthly


   




